Readme update (#220)
projecttacoma/fqm-execution: README.md

<p align="center">
  <h1 align="center">fqm-execution</h1>
<div align="center">

> Library for calculating HL7® FHIR® standard<sup id="fn-1">[\[1\]](#fnref-1)</sup>-based Electronic Clinical Quality Measures (eCQMs) written in Clinical Quality Language (CQL)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Library for calculating Electronic Clinical Quality Measures (eCQMs) written in Clinical Quality Language (CQL) using the HL7® FHIR® standard<sup id="fn-1">[\[1\]](#fnref-1)</sup>
```
The "-based" is kind of awkward now. What do you think of changing it around like this?

Author: It seems like "-based" is what is used in almost all of our other PRs, but we will have to update those to use the trademark too eventually, so I can happy to make this change.
